Add `o!mLN4` Tournament Wiki page. (#13867)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/o!mLN/4/en.md

> | Composer | ::{ flag=CN }:: [Supa7onyz](https://osu.ppy.sh/u/5378805), ::{ flag=AU }:: [G4TE-16*](https://soundcloud.com/gate_16), ::{ flag=TH }:: [HowToPlayLN](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10879600), ::{ flag=SG }:: [Hundotte*](https://www.youtube.com/c/hundotte), ::{ flag=US }:: [Ludicin](https://osu.ppy.sh/u/8659666), ::{ flag=US }:: [nm-y](https://osu.ppy.sh/u/31725557), ::{ flag=TH }:: [ohm002](https://osu.ppy.sh/u/4468239), ::{ flag=TH }:: [ptar124](https://osu.ppy.sh/u/4325444), ::{ flag=MY }:: [takehirotei](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11793794), ::{ flag=PH }:: [THE BEAT WIZARD](https://osu.ppy.sh/u/17529207), ::{ flag=VN }:: [trung-nova](https://osu.ppy.sh/u/14927934), ::{ flag=SG }:: [sugosugiii](https://osu.ppy.sh/u/15118952), ::{ flag=SG }:: [SiLiS / Raveille](https://osu.ppy.sh/u/1388767), ::{ flag=SG }:: [XH*](https://xhdidwhat.carrd/) |

Author: sorry i haven't check poly's edit so far thanks for double checking, i'm still reviewing last reviews one by one to see if they are successfully to applied, i will check later ^^

#### Disconnection

1. If a player is disconnected from a map within the first 30 seconds, they can ask for the map to be aborted and replayed.
   - This is only available once per match for each player. Subsequent disconnects will give a point to the opponent and use the remainder of the 10 minute grace period.
2. In the event a player is unable to return to the lobby before the grace period ends, the match will be considered a win to the other player.
3. In the event both players are disconnected, the player whose grace period runs out first will concede the match to the opponent.
4. In the event both players run out of grace period simultaneously, the winner will be the highest seeded player.

#### General conduct

1. Every staff and player must respect each other and follow the [osu! community rules](/wiki/Rules).
2. Discussions about sensitive (religion, politics) and other potentially offensive topics are disallowed.
2. Keep the competition and atmosphere friendly amongst each other, whether it is in the match, in the Twitch chatroom, or on the Discord server. Tournaments are always for us to come together as a community and not engage in pointless arguments.

> 3. In the event a player or staff member is found to have conducted themselves inappropriately towards anyone in the server, said individual can be subject to timeouts, warnings, and bans from the tournament and its affiliated Twitch channel based on the severity of the incident.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the event a player or staff member is found to have conducted themselves inappropriately towards anyone in the server, said individual can be subject to timeouts, warnings, and bans from the tournament and its affiliated Twitch channel based on the severity of the incident.
```

---
tags:
  - omLN
  - o!mLN
  - o!mLN4
  - o!mLN 4
---

# osu!mania LN Tournament 4

![o!mLN4 logo](img/logo.png) 

The **osu!mania LN Tournament 4** (***o!mLN4***) is a worldwide double-elimination 1v1 osu!mania 4-key tournament hosted by ::{ flag=TH }:: [HowToPlayLN](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10879600) and ::{ flag=SG }:: [Polytetral](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8612061).  The tournament featured a variety of maps with a vast amount of sliders (or Long Notes) in its mappools. It is the 4th instalment of the osu!mania LN tournament.

## Tournament schedule

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |
| Registration phase | 2025-07-21/2025-08-18 |
| Screening phase | 2025-08-19/2025-09-06 |
| Qualifier Showcase | 2025-09-07 (14:00 UTC) |
| Qualifiers | 2025-09-08/2025-09-14 |
| Round of 64 | 2025-09-15/2025-09-21 |
| Round of 32 | 2025-09-22/2025-09-28 |
| Round of 16 | 2025-09-29/2025-10-05 |
| Quarterfinals | 2025-10-06/2025-10-16 |
| Semifinals | 2025-10-13/2025-10-19 |
| Finals | 2025-10-20/2025-10-26 |
| Grand Finals | 2025-10-27/2025-11-02 |

## Prizes

> Prize pool are divided to two parts: one is Regular Prize Pool, allocated to tournament winner; the other one is OII Prize Pool, allocated to event winner.

Reviewer: A bit wack to read, miscellaneous changes. Using future tense as this action has not happened yet, although using a present tense should be just as fine. Semantics.

```suggestion
The prize pool will be divided in two parts: one is the **Regular Prize Pool**, allocated to the tournament winner; the other one is the **OII Prize Pool**, allocated to the event winner.
```

Also, in my opinion, I believe we should explain what "OII" means. It was explained in the news post but there isn't any mention of it prior to the prize pool section. A user stumbling upon this will have no idea what that means.

> The Regular Prize Pool starts at 450$ USD, while the OII Prize Pool will start at 100$ USD. Community donations will contribute to both Tournament and OII Prize Pools in the ratio 70/30 respectively.

Reviewer: Currency formatting.
```suggestion
The Regular Prize Pool starts at $450 USD, while the OII Prize Pool will start at $100 USD. Community donations will contribute to both Tournament and OII Prize Pools in a 70/30 ratio respectively.
```

So far, There are **450$ USD** on Regular Prize Pool and **100$ USD** on OII Prize Pool.

> Regular Prize Pool are spread among the participants as seen below:

Reviewer: More accurate word for this context + singular.
```suggestion
The Regular Prize Pool is distributed among the participants as seen below:
```

| Developer | ::{ flag=KR }:: [Nopekjk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4585186), ::{ flag=KR }:: [yhsphd](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6665667) |
| Composer | ::{ flag=TH }:: [HowToPlayLN](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10879600) |

## Links

- [Registrations news post](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2025-07-21-osu-mania-ln-tournament-4-registrations-now-open)
- [Discussion thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/2107840?n=1)
- [Challonge Bracket](https://challonge.com/5whqliol)
- [o!mLN Discord Sever](https://discord.gg/SPQtt3s)
- [Livestream](https://www.twitch.tv/osumanialive)
- **[Information spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Wl3Q41AI0e36sINVWh6qJHtKcCG_fdju2_0CdBm0DGs/edit?usp=sharing)**
- **[Statistics sheet](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1sBl4ej38-oYWs6Wc7al-KMskdfkmZilu)**

## Ordeal in Illusion

> ![Ordeal in Illusion banner](img/ordeal-in-Illusion.png "The Ordeal in Illusion banner in forum post")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Ordeal In Illusion banner](img/ordeal-in-Illusion.png "The Ordeal In Illusion banner in the forum post")
```

**Ordeal In Illusion** is a leaderboard event that runs tangent to the tournament's schedule, available for everyone to participate!

After mappool showcase every week starting the Round of 64, **original songs released in the week's mappool** will receive a leaderboard on the Statistics sheet, allowing both players and spectators to compete for the best score on our originals.

Before the start of the next round's mappool showcase, leaderboards for the week's originals will be frozen. Tickets are then awarded to every participant who submitted scores to the leaderboard, with the number of tickets awarded increasing with their ranking on the leaderboard:

| Placing | Prize(s) |
| :-: | :-- |
| ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | 5 Tickets |
| ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | 4 Tickets |
| ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | 3 Tickets |
| *4-7th place* | 2 Tickets |
| *Other participates* | 1 Ticket |

> At the end of the tournament, Tickets earned by all participants are tabulated and 3 Tickets will be drawn during a livestream. The owners of these Tickets will win a part of the community-donated OII prize pool!

Reviewer: Don't understand what "tabulated" is making reference to. As in counting the tickets from each player? If so, the suggestion below should work better.
```suggestion
At the end of the tournament, tickets earned by all participants are tallied and 3 tickets will be drawn during a livestream. The owners of these tickets will win a part of the community-donated OII prize pool!
```

> Details can be found on **[Information spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Wl3Q41AI0e36sINVWh6qJHtKcCG_fdju2_0CdBm0DGs/edit?usp=sharing)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Details can be found on the **[information spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Wl3Q41AI0e36sINVWh6qJHtKcCG_fdju2_0CdBm0DGs/edit?usp=sharing)**.
```

  2. [Yunomi - Aimai Trip (with Momobako & miko)  (Sped Up Ver.) (Yuiesta) \[Stage 5\: Quasi-love\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2432066#mania/5298547)
- Wildcard
  1. [Cansol - Train of Thought (elexire) \[Stage 2\: Routing\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2432022#mania/5298426)
  2. [technoplanet - Inscape \[Extended Mix\] (\[Crz\]Crysarlene) \[Stage 6\: Caesura\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2432029#mania/5298443)
- Density
  1. [DGK - Kinki to Hiiro Gensou -The Primary Plasm- (Yuiesta, Hylotl) \[Stage 3\: fumo (w/ Yuiesta)\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2432025#mania/5298430)
  2. [Feryquitous feat. Aitsuki Nakuru - Fake (Sped Up Ver.) (ImperialTrinity) \[Stage 7\: Faker\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2432031#mania/5298445)
- Technical
  1. [Miyavi - What's my Name (Paturages) \[Stage 4\: Heisenberg\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2432053#mania/5298513)

## Ruleset

*For latest rulebooks, see [forum post](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/2107840)*

### General rules

1. This tournament is a **1v1 global open rank double-elimination tournament**.

> 2. Players will first go through Qualifiers, then continuing to the double-elimination bracket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Players will first go through Qualifiers, then continue to the double-elimination bracket.
```

> 3. Any members of staff **apart from organisers, mappool selectors, and referees** are allowed to play.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Any staff members **other than organisers, mappool selectors, and referees** are allowed to play.
```

4. Players and staff members must have read this ruleset entirely.
5. Any rule changes or unexpected occurrences will be announced in the Discord server.

### Mappool format

> The maps in this tournament will only consist of Long Note (LN) oriented maps, and cover 4 sub-categories of LNs which are used to categorise all mappools after this stage. Details can be found below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maps in this tournament will only consist of long note (LN) oriented maps, and cover 4 sub-categories of LNs which are used to categorise all mappools after this stage. Details can be found below:
```

![Mappool structure](img/mappool-structure.png "mappool structure of o!M LN4")

### Registrations

> 1. **Any** rank players from **any** region can register this tournament.

Reviewer: Very weird phrasing to refer to the tournament as "open rank". Plus grammar.

```suggestion
1. Players with **any rank** from **any region** can register to this tournament.
```

> 2. You must fill [Player Signup form](https://docs.google.com/forms/u/0/d/e/1FAIpQLSfQGnO66J7b22TgVmCTjhbmc3nyCpheLAup4wlMupt_3MUwcw/) to finish register.

Reviewer: Grammar.
```suggestion
2. You **must** fill the [player signup form](https://docs.google.com/forms/u/0/d/e/1FAIpQLSfQGnO66J7b22TgVmCTjhbmc3nyCpheLAup4wlMupt_3MUwcw/) to register.
```

Author: Applied

3. If player passed [tournament screening](/wiki/Tournaments/Official_support#tournament-screening) after register, they are able to play qualifiers.

### Stage regulations

#### Qualifiers

> 1. After the screening phase has concluded, players eligible to play will participate in tournament play.

Author: yes, but just make sure the context orgainzed in order, since some people only read parts of rule documents.

> 2. In the first weekend, players will play 7 qualifiers maps in sequence up to 2 times, in a scheduled lobby (they may choose not to play the 2nd time if desired).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. During the first weekend, players will play 7 Qualifiers in sequence up to 2 times in a scheduled lobby. Players may choose not to play the 2nd time if desired.
```

3. The 7 qualifiers maps will cover 4 sub-categories of LNs which are used to categorise all mappools after this stage:
   - Stage 1: Early-game Releases

>    - Stage 2: Early to Mid-game Wildcard (Short Duration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Stage 2:** Early to mid-game wildcard (short duration)
```

   - Stage 3: Pure Density
   - Stage 4: Mid-game Technical
   - Stage 5: Late-game Releases
   - Stage 6: Mid to Late-game Wildcard (Long Duration)
   - Stage 7: Speed Density

> 4. This tournament will make use of the **Average Placement** method to seed players.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. This tournament will make use of the **average placement** method to seed players.
```

Also, is there any link (either internal to the wiki or external to it) that could explain what the method is, or a formula for it if it's simple enough to add? Name should be self-explanatory, but rules should be as clear-cut as possible.

> 5. In the qualification process, every player who signs up has to schedule for a lobby during the Qualfiers Stage, and play through all 7 qualifier maps in the mappool at least once, and up to 2 times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. During the qualification process, every player who signed up has to schedule for a lobby during the Qualfiers stage, and play through all 7 qualifier maps in the mappool at least once, and up to 2 times.
```

Additionally, this point is also redundant with point 2. I'd suggest either merging both, using one, or using the other. But keeping both seems unnecessary.

> 6. After completing the scheduled lobby, each player will have 1-2 scores recorded for each of the 7 qualifier maps. For each of the maps, the higher score of the two is taken and is used to provide the player's placement for each individual map.

Reviewer: Quite lengthy. Simplified + grammar.
```suggestion
6. After completing the scheduled lobby, each player will have up to 2 scores recorded for each of the 7 Qualifiers. For each map, the player's best placements will be used for seeding.
```

##### Bracket Matches

1. After Qualifier Stage, the top 64 players will be arranged into a standard Double Elimination Bracket, where the highest seeded player will face the lowest seeded player, 2nd highest faces 2nd lowest, and so on. A player will be eliminated from the tournament after losing 2 matches in the bracket stage.

### Tournament Procedure

#### Pre-match procedure

1. Players will be informed of their match by an assigned referee 30 minutes before their matches commence, through a ping on Discord.
2. Players will be provided with an invite to the lobby hosted by the referee 5 minutes before their match commences. Players are required to be present in the lobby before the stipulated match time. 
3. Warmups will not be allowed for this tournament.

#### Mid-match procedure

1. After both players have joined the lobby, both players will run the !roll command in the lobby chat.
2. The player with the higher roll will pick first, and choose whether to protect first. If they choose to pick first, then they will ban second. The player with the lower roll receives the opposite of this.

> 3. Following the ban/pick procedure, both players will alternate in picks, and play the picked map simultaneously. The player who obtains a higher score will win a point, and this process repeats until one of the players wins the required number of points to claim the win for the match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Following the ban/pick phase, both players will alternate picks, and play the picked map simultaneously. The player who obtains the highest score will win a point. This process will repeat until one of the players wins the required number of points to win the match.
```

   - The required number of points to win the match varies for each stage.
4. Each player receives the right to use a 2-minute timeout once per match. If players find the need to use the timeout between picks, they should raise their request to the referee facilitating their match.

> 5. Players are encouraged to use their timeout only when an urgent situation or personal condition calls for it, and not to stall for time.

Reviewer: I'd say both of which are the same, as in the urgency of the "personal condition" calls for a timeout.
```suggestion
5. Players are encouraged to use their timeout only when an urgent situation calls for it, and not to stall for time.
```

6. In the event where both players are 1 point away from winning the match, the tiebreaker will be played, and the player who wins the tiebreaker map will win the match.
7. Should there be a tie in map score between the 2 players, the result will be nullified and the map will be played once more to determine who gets the point.

### Additional rules/information

#### Mod configurations

1. The score system used for all matches in this tournament will be **Score V2**.
2. All maps are played with FreeMod. Visual mods such as Mirror, Hidden, Fade-In, Flashlight, and any combination of these mods are allowed. You are also allowed, but not forced, to play with NoFail.

#### Punctuality

1. Players are required to arrive for their match before the stipulated time for their match. Otherwise, a **10 minute** grace timer will be applied by the appointed referee for the match.
2. If the player fails to arrive at their match before this timer runs out, the match will be considered as a win by default to the other player.

> 3. If the player arrives at their match during this grace period, the time remaining on the timer will be brought forward to the ban/pick proceeding of the match.

Reviewer: Wording
```suggestion
3. If the player arrives to their match during this grace period, the time remaining on the timer will be carried over to the ban/pick phase of the match.
```

1. Players will be given 2 minutes to roll and perform their first ban/picks. Subsequently, players will have 2 minutes to pick a map and get ready to play the map.
   - If a player fails to adhere to the timer to ban/pick, the referee will choose a map by random to be picked in place of the player, using the !roll command.
   - On the second and subsequent occurrences, a point will be automatically awarded to the other player.

#### Disconnection

1. If a player is disconnected from a map within the first 30 seconds of gameplay, they can ask for the map to be aborted and replayed.
   - This is only available once per match for each player. Subsequent disconnects will give a point to the opponent and use up the remainder of the 10 minute grace period.
2. In the event a player is unable to return to the lobby before the grace period ends, the match will be considered a win to the other player.
3. In the event both players are disconnected, the player whose grace period runs out first will concede the match to the opponent.
4. In the event both players run out of grace period simultaneously, the winner will be the player with the higher qualifier seed.

#### General conduct

> 1. Every staff and player must respect each other and follow the osu! community rules, no discussion about sensitive topics (for example religion, politics), and anything that could be offensive to others.

Reviewer: I'd make the second part of this sentence (the "no sensitive topic discussions" clause) a whole separate point. These are two fairly different things (following rules versus no discussions).
```suggestion
1. Every staff and player must respect each other and follow the [osu! community rules](/wiki/Rules).
2. Discussions about sensitive (religion, politics) and other potentially offensive topics are disallowed.
```

Will need to re-index the bullet points bellow.

2. Keep the competition and atmosphere friendly amongst each other, whether it is in the match, in the Twitch chatroom, or on the Discord server. Tournaments are always for us to come together as a community and not engage in pointless arguments.

> 3. In the event a player or staff member is found to have conducted themselves inappropriately towards anyone in the server, said individual can be subject to timeouts, warnings and bans from the tournament and its affiliated twitch channel based on the severity of the incident.

Reviewer: Is this only making reference to the Discord server, or the entire tournament? The point above seems to contradict that. Just want to clarify as right now this would technically only apply to the people in the server, and off-platform behaviour would not be punished; according to the current wording, that is.
```suggestion
3. In the event a player or staff member is found to have conducted themselves inappropriately towards anyone in the server, said individual can be subject to timeouts, warnings, and bans from the tournament and its affiliated Twitch channel based on the severity of the incident.
```
